So in the last lectures we added re-act native navigation for both iOS and Android.
Friend right I already rebuilt the project.
Now let's also do this for iOS and PM run Iowa system command might also take a couple of seconds since
it has rebuilt the entire project and thereafter we should have two uptodate projects running on our
simulators really using re-act native navigation so that we can start using their features.
Now what you see is you've got huge errors.
The reason for it is as soon as you start using re-act native navigation does single index change as
follows.
We use before doesn't work anymore.
You need to add two separate ones.
Now one important note.
You might also not be seeing this error because in your words since you basically don't need to fix
or add a change or add in the next seconds.
So if you don't CD-R feel free to skip that fix which is me adding two additional indexed not js files.
You can then just keep that single index j as value had but you can also add them and follow along just
fine.
It will not cause any damage.
You need to add an index dot Iowa SJS fall and the index dot Android J as follows.
Historically this was always required and it still makes sense if you have different ways of starting
your app.
Maybe a different layout you want to use a different starting screen here however will use the same
set up so I'll just copy the code from it next to yes and paste it into index Aiwass and index Android.
You don't get to do anything else with these files except for save them.
With that added you should be able to reload your application.
And their offers to splash screens.
That's actually the default.
You don't see your application anymore because now and we added re-act native navigation we have to
load our app differently.
Loading it like this with our read x component here doesn't work.
Instead we can find out how to start in the official documentation.
But hey you're probably watching this Klores to not read the entire documentation.
So let me show you how to actually start to sap with a screen in the next lecture.